[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: This is the application
adapter and I've put something extremely
repo specific in it, so as soon as I
start trying to work with other things,
even just a single repo,
this is not gonna work for me anymore.
So I'm gonna create a little bit
more space for myself here and
we'll just wrap this on the second line,
so we can see it all.
And this as well, for kicks.
>> Mike North: So,
I'm gonna put a debugger here,
cuz I'm basically gonna do,
I wanna look at a couple of different
cases based on the primary model class,
which will tell me what kind
of record I'm deserializing.
And the request type.
So if we look at request type.
>> Mike North: This is a query,
and primary model class has this
model name property on it so
I know I'm querying,
which is going for a list.
And I'm looking for
objects of type repo, so
that's pretty much all I need in order
to massage this in a first pass.
The first thing I'm going to do
actually is, I need to find a way of,
in a generalized way I want to make a top
level key to contain either my object,
which is like one repo, or my list of
objects which is the list of repos.
And so here's what I want to do.
I'm going to do a switch.
Request type.
And this is not
Crockford-esque code here but
so [LAUGH].
>> Speaker 2: Specific to these two cases
only right?
>> Mike North: [LAUGH] So,
in the case of a query.
I want to, I want my
so we will make a fairly bump here.
Let top level key so.
>> Mike North: All right, this is just,
obviously with some significant knowledge
of how things work under the hood and
then default, we'll leave a debugger
here just in case we forget something.
And I just want to see how this works.
Awesome.
And then top level key is repos.
Fantastic.
So in the case of a query,
I'm going to pluralize it.
I get repos and we're good to go.
So I can actually change
this to top level key.
And we'll just
>> Mike North: Let it ride.
For now.
We'll add stuff as needed.
>> Mike North: Alright,
so we're at a different break point now,
let me swing back towards the dov tools.
Sorry.
And this isn't going to work.
I have to use the super fancy.
He has six features for
dynamic property keys.
And all this is gonna do,
it's a dynamic key.
So, whatever the value of TLK is,
that's gonna be the property key
there to be a destructuring.
All right.
So, gosh.
Things seem to be okay and I'm gonna
take a look at the ember inspector and
my data tab just became useful and
I can look at repo.
And look at all these.
I got some nice stuff here, except my ids
aren't really what I was hoping to get.
So I happen to know that really all GitHub
objects are gonna have the same thing
where we have to do the old ID thing.
Move that around and shift things.
So, I'm just gonna take care of that here,
payload,
payload.map, and then we'll have rawItem.
Normally there would be a little
bit more trial and error.
This is usually a pretty
iterative process.
And I happen to know that
that condition will work
here.
>> Mike North: And
we'll take a look when that's done.
when we take a peek at one of these.
I want to see that the id is
a resolver and we've got oldId as null.
Looks like we lost that somehow.
>> Mike North: Good thing I checked.
>> Mike North: Sweet and still null.
>> Mike North: Sorry what?
>> Speaker 3: Right,
you can find in my data next again.
>> Mike North: I am but
I should just be getting the value.
I'm going to bank on that.
>> Mike North: All right,
it was a refresh issue where I was stuck
and the code hadn't quite reloaded again.
But here we've got our old ID,
we've done our mapping.
Fantastic, and
this should make things look better.
So now this is sort of generic
handling of at least for
us the things we're interested in.
And you can actually click
under individual record, and
you can probe around,
you can probe the relationships.
See what it's properties are, ember
inspector is really useful for ember data.
Especially if things look funky and
you have to track things down.
Go to tool.
Alright, so let's move along and
go to repo, so we can get rid of this.
Or I'll leave it coming to
that in case we need it.
So the repo route and really we want.
>> Mike North: Get rid of this.
Return this store query record.
So this is, it's light query except I
expect one to come back, not an array.
We want repo and
org id past as the query param there,
and we're gonna need to go into our.
We'll drill in here, we see an error
because there is more work to do.
So the adapter operation failed.
Kind of cryptic.
I do notice that this
URL does not look right.
So we can go back here, grab this sucker.
>> Mike North: Come
on mouse, you can do it.
And we'll go to our application adapter.
And we need a new method.
urlForQueryRecord (query, modelName)
>> Mike North: So this, now we're
customizing what the url will be for
a single repo.
>> Mike North: And
just making sure we,
okay we have to change this query.
Work ID and we need a repo ID.
So we'll go back to our route.
Routes, repo.
Past repod id params.
Save it.
Now our URL should look more reasonable.
Drill in, hitting the debugger.
We left a useful debugging
statement behind.
So, what's happening is the request
type is now query record and
we haven't kind of figured
out a way to handle that.
So this is a singular
thing that has come back,
the top level key totally still applies.
In fact, we just need to make
the singular version Case 'queryRecord'.
Instead of pluralize, it is singularize.
And so,
that's now gonna be repo instead of repos.
And then,
it's basically the same function here.
Except, we just do it
directly on the payload.
>> Mike North: And break.
>> Mike North: All right,
drill into a repo.
Cool.
So watchmen has come back, wait.
Our template is still boring and
hard coded.
>> Mike North: All right,
ember-cli just like our URL,
ember-resolver just like our URL,
all right?
So now we've got data coming back for
real there, I'll prove it to you.
Well, we should see yet one repo here,
right?
>> Mike North: Now it's worth noting,
so if we were on the previous
page with the list of repos,
we could supply the full already loaded,
already fetched record to
the link two helper and the model hook
would not be called on the repo route.
So basically we already have this data,
we can pass the complete package along and
no additional requests
will need to be sent out.
And this can be a significant
load time improvement using
the data you already have.